Releases and snapshots can come from the same
repository as we had previously mentioned.
Why would we not want projects to just upload everything to the central repo?
Well,
there's a release process not unlike deploying a mobile app to
an app store, or something similar to that.
It's a little bit difficult.
We also want to make sure that we have everything final before
we pushed it up there. Things like snapshots,
milestones,
release candidates, all of these are best not to deploy to the central
repository just because it's a little bit more work and a little bit of a
headache to do so. We'll often define a repository to handle just snapshots
and host it off of our own corporate website.
This was the case with the dependency repo that we
looked at earlier from Spring.
They don't want to put all of their snapshots up in repo.maven.apache.org.
And here's that repository again where we just get snapshots from the
corporate repository of Spring. Snapshots are enabled, but releases are Disabled